# DebugBuilder.groovy
**Source code:**
```groovy
import org.openscience.cdk.interfaces.*;
import org.openscience.cdk.debug.*;
import org.openscience.cdk.tools.*;

System.setProperty("cdk.debugging", "true");
System.getProperty("cdk.debug.stdout", "true");
LoggingToolFactory.setLoggingToolClass(
  SystemOutLoggingTool.class
);

IChemObjectBuilder builder =
  DebugChemObjectBuilder.getInstance();
IAtom atom1 = builder.newInstance(IAtom.class, "C");
IAtom atom2 = builder.newInstance(IAtom.class, "C");
molecule = builder.newInstance(IAtomContainer.class);
molecule.addAtom(atom1);
molecule.addAtom(atom2);
molecule.addBond(builder.newInstance(
  IBond.class, atom1, atom2, IBond.Order.SINGLE
));
```
**Output:**
```plain
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IAtom' with 'DebugAtom' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IPseudoAtom' with 'DebugPseudoAtom' impl...
  ementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IElement' with 'DebugElement' implementa...
  tion
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IAtomType' with 'DebugAtomType' implemen...
  tation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IFragmentAtom' with 'DebugFragmentAtom' ...
  implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IPDBAtom' with 'DebugPDBAtom' implementa...
  tion
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IIsotope' with 'DebugIsotope' implementa...
  tion
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IBond' with 'DebugBond' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IElectronContainer' with 'DebugElectronC...
  ontainer' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'ISingleElectron' with 'DebugSingleElectr...
  on' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'ILonePair' with 'DebugLonePair' implemen...
  tation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IAtomContainer' with 'DebugAtomContainer...
  ' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IRing' with 'DebugRing' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'ICrystal' with 'DebugCrystal' implementa...
  tion
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IPolymer' with 'DebugPolymer' implementa...
  tion
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IPDBPolymer' with 'DebugPDBPolymer' impl...
  ementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IMonomer' with 'DebugMonomer' implementa...
  tion
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IPDBMonomer' with 'DebugPDBMonomer' impl...
  ementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IBioPolymer' with 'DebugBioPolymer' impl...
  ementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IPDBStructure' with 'DebugPDBStructure' ...
  implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IAminoAcid' with 'DebugAminoAcid' implem...
  entation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IStrand' with 'DebugStrand' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IReaction' with 'DebugReaction' implemen...
  tation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IReactionScheme' with 'DebugReactionSche...
  me' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IMolecularFormula' with 'DebugMolecularF...
  ormula' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IAdductFormula' with 'DebugAdductFormula...
  ' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IAtomContainerSet' with 'DebugAtomContai...
  nerSet' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IMolecularFormulaSet' with 'DebugMolecul...
  arFormulaSet' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IReactionSet' with 'DebugReactionSet' im...
  plementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IRingSet' with 'DebugRingSet' implementa...
  tion
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IChemModel' with 'DebugChemModel' implem...
  entation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IChemFile' with 'DebugChemFile' implemen...
  tation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IChemSequence' with 'DebugChemSequence' ...
  implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'ISubstance' with 'DebugSubstance' implem...
  entation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'ITetrahedralChirality' with 'Tetrahedral...
  Chirality' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IDoubleBondStereochemistry' with 'Double...
  BondStereochemistry' implementation
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IMapping' with 'DebugMapping' implementa...
  tion
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: regist...
  ered 'IChemObject' with 'DebugChemObject' impl...
  ementation
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng mass number: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Insta...
  ntiated a DebugAtom: symbol= C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng mass number: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Notif...
  ying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Insta...
  ntiated a DebugAtom: symbol= C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng stereo parity: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point2d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng fractional point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng charge: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atom type name: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng max bond order: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng bond order sum: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hybridization: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal neighbour count: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng covalent radius: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng valency: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng ID: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Adding atom: Atom(173099767, S:C, H:0, Ato...
  mType(173099767, FC:0, Isotope(173099767, Elem...
  ent(173099767, S:C, AN:6))))
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng stereo parity: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point2d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng fractional point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng charge: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atom type name: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng max bond order: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng bond order sum: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hybridization: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal neighbour count: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng covalent radius: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng valency: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng ID: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Contains atom: Atom(173099767, S:C, H:0, A...
  tomType(173099767, FC:0, Isotope(173099767, El...
  ement(173099767, S:C, AN:6))))
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting atom count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting atom count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting bond count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting lone pair count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting single electron count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Addin...
  g listener: AtomContainer(112797691)
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Notifying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng stereo parity: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point2d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng fractional point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng charge: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atom type name: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng max bond order: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng bond order sum: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hybridization: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal neighbour count: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng covalent radius: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng valency: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng ID: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Adding atom: Atom(1045997582, S:C, H:0, At...
  omType(1045997582, FC:0, Isotope(1045997582, E...
  lement(1045997582, S:C, AN:6))))
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng stereo parity: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point2d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng fractional point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng charge: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atom type name: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng max bond order: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng bond order sum: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hybridization: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal neighbour count: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng covalent radius: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng valency: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng ID: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Contains atom: Atom(1045997582, S:C, H:0, ...
  AtomType(1045997582, FC:0, Isotope(1045997582,...
   Element(1045997582, S:C, AN:6))))
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting atom count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting atom count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting atom count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting atom count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting atom count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting atom at: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng stereo parity: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point2d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng fractional point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng charge: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atom type name: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng max bond order: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng bond order sum: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hybridization: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal neighbour count: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng covalent radius: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng valency: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng ID: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting atom count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting bond count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting lone pair count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting single electron count
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Addin...
  g listener: AtomContainer(112797691, #A:1, Ato...
  m(173099767, S:C, H:0, AtomType(173099767, FC:...
  0, Isotope(173099767, Element(173099767, S:C, ...
  AN:6)))))
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Notifying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting listener count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.DynamicFactory DEBUG: gettin...
  g candidates for interface org.openscience.cdk...
  .interfaces.IBond 3
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugBond DEBUG: Getti...
  ng order: SINGLE
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugBond DEBUG: Getti...
  ng order: SINGLE
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugBond DEBUG: Getti...
  ng stereo: NONE
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugBond DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atom count: 2
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugBond DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atom count: 2
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng stereo parity: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point2d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng fractional point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng charge: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atom type name: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng max bond order: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng bond order sum: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hybridization: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal neighbour count: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng covalent radius: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng valency: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng ID: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hydrogen count: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng stereo parity: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point2d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng fractional point3d: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Setti...
  ng charge: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atom type name: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng max bond order: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng bond order sum: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal charge: 0
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng hybridization: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng formal neighbour count: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng covalent radius: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng valency: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng symbol: C
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng ID: null
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtom DEBUG: Getti...
  ng atomic number: 6
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugBond DEBUG: Getti...
  ng electron count: 2
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugBond DEBUG: Getti...
  ng electron count: 2
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Adding bond: Bond(166794956, #O:SINGLE, #S...
  :NONE, #A:2, Atom(173099767, S:C, H:0, AtomTyp...
  e(173099767, FC:0, Isotope(173099767, Element(...
  173099767, S:C, AN:6)))), Atom(1045997582, S:C...
  , H:0, AtomType(1045997582, FC:0, Isotope(1045...
  997582, Element(1045997582, S:C, AN:6)))), Ele...
  ctronContainer(166794956EC:2))
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Notifying changed
org.openscience.cdk.debug.DebugAtomContainer DEB...
  UG: Getting listener count: 0
```
